Feature/optional hooks experiment (#6227)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/src/data/experiments/optional-hooks.mdx

---
name: optional-hooks
status: active
---

Support for disabling Terragrunt hooks during `run`.

### `optional-hooks` - What it does
When enabled, users can pass `--no-hooks` to `terragrunt run` to skip configured `before_hook`, `after_hook`, and `error_hook` blocks.

```bash
terragrunt run --experiment optional-hooks --no-hooks -- plan
```

> This is useful when a run needs to bypass local automation temporarily, such as when testing a module without linting or setup hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful when a run needs to bypass hook automation temporarily, such as when debugging faulty hooks or OpenTofu/Terraform modules.
```
